Update kubeadm-init.md (#27199)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-init.md

the [kubeadm config migrate](/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-config/) command.

For more information on the fields and usage of the configuration you can navigate to our API reference

> page and pick a version from [the list](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm#section-subdirectories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page and pick a version from [the list](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm#section-directories).
```

it's https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm#section-directories like you said on https://github.com/golang/go/issues/45210

please keep the commits squashed to 1.

/sig cluster-lifecycle

Author: seems it's too late for today... Will fix this tomorrow ...

Author: I just approved that changes via GitHub. Is there no way to squash via the GUI like it is in GitLab?

Reviewer: there is a bot command of sorts, the appovers know about.
one caveat is that it nukes GPG signatures on commits.
